doc/10-Monitoring.md, before:

# Monitoring

## Process Check Command

The module provides a CLI command to check a business process.

### Usage

General: `icingacli businessprocess process check <process> [options]`

Options:

```
  --config <configname>   Name of the config that contains <process>
  --details               Show problem details as a tree
  --colors                Show colored output
  --state-type <type>     Define which state type to look at. Could be either soft
                          or hard, overrides an eventually configured default
  --blame                 Show problem details as a tree reduced to the nodes
                          which have the same state as the business process
  --root-cause            Used in combination with --blame. Only shows
                          the path of the nodes which are responsible
                          for the state of the business process
  --downtime-is-ok        Treat hosts/services in downtime always as UP/OK.
  --ack-is-ok             Treat acknowledged hosts/services always as UP/OK.
```

### Detail View Integration

It is possible to show the monitored process in the service detail view.

For this to work, the name of the checkcommand configured in Icinga 2 must either
be `icingacli-businessprocess` or the name that can be configured in the module
configuration:

**/etc/icingaweb2/modules/businessprocess/config.ini**
```ini
[DetailviewExtension]
checkcommand_name=businessprocess-check
```

A service can define specific custom variables for this. Mandatory ones
that are not defined, cause the detail view integration to not be active.

| Variable Name                        | Mandatory | Description                                  |
|--------------------------------------|-----------|----------------------------------------------|
| icingacli\_businessprocess\_process  | Yes       | The `<process>` being checked                |
| icingacli\_businessprocess\_config   | No        | Name of the config that contains `<process>` |
| icingaweb\_businessprocess\_as\_tree | No        | Whether to show `<process>` as tree or tiles |

Commit message:

Implement feature requests #455 and #477.  Custom variables used in Detail View Extension can be read from the host if not present on the service, and can be customized, if desired, in the config.ini for this module

doc/10-Monitoring.md, after:

# Monitoring

## Process Check Command

The module provides a CLI command to check a business process.

### Usage

General: `icingacli businessprocess process check <process> [options]`

Options:

```
  --config <configname>   Name of the config that contains <process>
  --details               Show problem details as a tree
  --colors                Show colored output
  --state-type <type>     Define which state type to look at. Could be either soft
                          or hard, overrides an eventually configured default
  --blame                 Show problem details as a tree reduced to the nodes
                          which have the same state as the business process
  --root-cause            Used in combination with --blame. Only shows
                          the path of the nodes which are responsible
                          for the state of the business process
  --downtime-is-ok        Treat hosts/services in downtime always as UP/OK.
  --ack-is-ok             Treat acknowledged hosts/services always as UP/OK.
```

### Detail View Integration

It is possible to show the monitored process in the service detail view.

For this to work, the name of the checkcommand configured in Icinga 2 must either
be `icingacli-businessprocess` or the name that can be configured in the module
configuration:

**/etc/icingaweb2/modules/businessprocess/config.ini**
```ini
[DetailviewExtension]
checkcommand_name=businessprocess-check
```

A service, or its host, can define specific custom variables for this. Mandatory ones
that are not defined, cause the detail view integration to not be active.

| Variable Name                        | Mandatory | Description                                  |
|--------------------------------------|-----------|----------------------------------------------|
| icingacli\_businessprocess\_process  | Yes       | The `<process>` being checked                |
| icingacli\_businessprocess\_config   | No        | Name of the config that contains `<process>` |
| icingaweb\_businessprocess\_as\_tree | No        | Whether to show `<process>` as tree or tiles |

These variable names can also be customized in the module configuration:

**/etc/icingaweb2/modules/businessprocess/config.ini**
```ini
[DetailviewExtension]
config_var=my_bp_config
process_var=my_bp_proces
tree_var=my_as_tree_view
```
